All the windows shudder and shutter themselves.

Jane screams and it comes rushing back at her like a thousand repetitions in a thousand echoing amphitheaters. Her own voice pierces her ears. She grabs her mouth but the scream continues on and on and on and on and…

The Child cries out with her, it's shrieks adding to the cacophony. Jane covers his ears and hers with her arms.

In the din, a new word takes form amongst the screams.

Her name. Her name from her dreams. Her true name. ${true_name}.

${true_name}

${true_name}.

The house creaks as it intones into her, in her own voice. But it subsides, and then a new sound is heard. Something barely perceptible, like the sound of tires on gravel, coming from outside. Jane clutches The Child tight and makes her way slowly along the floor towards the door. The beams of the floor begin to undulate ever so slightly under her. The floor rug looks like water that someone has just thrown something heavy into. Jane tries the door handle, it is locked. She almost screams again but holds her tongue at the last moment for fear of another deafening cacophony. She kicks at the door feebly, it's sound resounding sickeningly in the dark. She turns about looking for another way out.  'The window!' she thinks. She could climb out of her shutterless window as she has on so many nights before. She darts toward the stairs, avoiding the floor rug. As she is about to take the first step, the stairs begin to move sickeningly, up and up like some macabre escalator. Slowly at first, then faster and faster. Calling to her. Blinks. Brightness! An impossibly bright light shines in the attic, shedding bars of pure white light through the seams between the attic's floorboards.

The floor beneath her begins raising. One step falls away, then another. The front door is slowly beginning to disappear under the rising floor. And seeing the door, she see's it shaking. Someone is trying to kick it in from the outside! But the floor is rising, faster and faster, she knows that soon it will crush her if she doesn't make a decision.

*choice
	#Jane ascends the staircase hoping that she can make it to her window in time.
		Jane places her foot on the the bottom stair and let's herself be lifted up. Once she gains her balance she Takes the stairs a few at a time, biting her knuckle to keep herself conscious. In a moment she reaches the top, and scampers towards her room. The light increases from the attic. The attic door slams down and the ladder smashes into the ground. Pure white pours in from the entrance, blinding her to anything but it. She walks towards her room, being wary of the ladder.

		She hears a crashing downstairs, then it's deafening echo. A man screams "Hello? Is anyone inside? Police!" The Sheriff. She looks down, the door has all but disappeared. The Sheriff tries vainly to wrench it apart with a crowbar.

		Jane enters her room. Runs to the bed. Unlocks the window. Tries to open it but it's stuck. She grabs her bedside lamp and throws it through the window. The glass, the lamp, all stay in stasis for a moment outside, swirling like galaxies, then smash back in at her tearing her jacket to shreds. Her face is bleeding. The Child is bleeding. Jane runs back outside her room.

		"Janey!" She hears a voice. "Janey! Come into the attic! I want to show you something!" It is the voice of The Mother, but distant, wavering. "Janey I need you to come up here baby… I love you." The voice undulates intermittently. "JANE. CLIMB THE LADDER JANE." The voice breaks. Hisses at her. Transposes itself madly. The ceiling bends grotesquely, bulges, and forms a sick approximation of The Mother's mouth. "hissshshshhsJANE GO INTO THE ATTIC NOW!hshsshs".

		"Alright you motherfucker! You want me to go into the attic? I'm fucking coming into the fucking attic!"

		Jane instructs The Child to crawl around to her back and hold on. She falls against the ladder and it vibrates gently at her grasp. The rungs bend under her feet at she blindly climbs. And after what seems like hours, she       reaches                  the
		*finish top.
		
	#Jane lunges for the door and begins kicking back, screaming for help.
		Jane makes it over to the door and begins yelling 'Get me out!' madly into the imposing frame. The kicking ceases for a moment, two, too long, the door is half gone. And then the door begins to move. It budges, strains at it's frame. Suddenly the tip of a crowbar comes through the side near the lock. It smashes the door frame as it pries the door open. 

		"Faster! Faster please faster" she whimpers, her voice echoing terribly again as she kneels at what is left of the door.

		A grotesque snapping, and the door falls open from it frame. A ruddy face damp with perspiration is seen on the other side. The Sheriff. He takes one look at the rising floor, his eyes go wide, and stretches his arms inside the mad house at her. She compresses herself but can't fit with The Child in her jacket. She rips the zipper open and pushes him into the Sheriff's arms. "Take him!" she shrieks. The Sheriff quickly grabs the child by the leg and arm and pulls him out of the house.

		Every second counts. Jane tears the jacket off and makes a slide through what's left of the doorway. she crashes into the Sheriff and he begins to tug at her. Her shoes are stuck. She feels the pressure mounting around her ankles as the house tries to consume her. The sheriff grabs her by the waist, presses his feet against the rising floor through the doorframe, and gasps as he makes a final pull. She can feel her feet losing blood. She can feel the Sheriff's hot breath in her ear. She wriggles her feet, arches them, and slowly, achingly slides out of her shoes. Jane and the Sheriff crash to the wooden porch. The child is staring at the house with wide, unblinking eyes. 

		The Sheriff grabs Jane and The Child by the arm and rushes them to his waiting police 4x4. The house begins breaking apart at the seams, the fantastic light from the attic burning through the wood. Once in the car, the Sheriff switches into gear, holds the wheel hard right, and slams on the gas. The child keeps his eye on the house as the 4x4 kicks up snow and gravel careening crazily towards the road.  Jane can't help but follow his gaze.

		"Tabal Chashrah" The Child says.
		"Huh?" Says Jane.
		"It's pronounced Tabal Chashrah".
		*finish 
