After returning home from the county clinic, all three are exhausted. The Mother cleans the child’s face, tucks him in then distractedly reads him a story. Jane murmurs little platitudes to him about how brave he has been, and how he is going to grow up to be the man of the house soon. At the kitchen table after the child is asleep, Jane and The Mother talk idly for a moment. Jane puts on the kettle for tea, but the Mother, exhausted, excuses herself to get ready for bed. Jane sits at the table with her head in her tired hands for a moment before the kettle whistles. She pulls out a bag of chamomile and pours water over it in her favorite mug, then holds her face over the steam.

Of all the things in this new place, she decides the cold bothers her the most.

After a few minutes, The Mother wearily descends the creaking stairs.
“I’m going to bed Janey, could you check in on [the child] before you go to sleep tonight?”

Jane says she can, and The Mother absently bids her sweet dreams. Jane cradles her teacup for a moment longer, allowing the warmth to creep into her hands, then gets ready for bed. She changes into pajamas, cleans her face with apricot scrub and prods at a few pimples forming on her chin. She brushes her teeth with the hippy stuff she makes the Mother buy, and brushes her hair between yawns as the wind outside stirs the Ponderosas. The corner radiator sputters as it’s heat coaxes the smell of cedar from the wooden walls.

*page_break THUMP

[b]THUMP[/b]

The sound came from her room. She clicks the bathroom light off, and on tiptoes enters her bedroom.

The window has blown open. She must have left it unlocked last night. Jane often crawls out her window at night so as not to wake The Mother. When it's nice out, she'll go on walks or just read or write somewhere on the grounds, it's easy enough to get down from the second story, and there’s even a ladder handy on most nights. On cold nights like tonight she'll just sit on the roof and have a cigarette before bed. She looks out, feels a chill as cold wind blows in at her, closes the window and locks it this time. She tiptoes out and over to the Child's room.

Jane sees that The Child is asleep. His lips move slightly as he inhales, but he is otherwise still.

*choice
	#Jane wishes to lay with The Child, and if he wakes, to still his fears. But the bed is much too small for her to lie in comfortably, and she worries she may wake him by laying down.
		Jane quietly closes the door, enters her room, and without even turning on the lights, falls into bed and is fast asleep.
		*finish

	#Jane has a sudden and uncontrollable urge to keep the child safe. She sidles into his small bed beside him and lays atop the covers, worried she might steal them from him in the night. 
		She fights the urge to smooth out his strikingly blonde hair for a moment, and then falls asleep.
		*set jane_sleeps_with_child true
		*finish

